AI #2076: Enhance Appendix overview with an informative statement (#2077)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/overview.md

# Introduction

> *This section is informative. It illustrates the application of normative rules defined elsewhere in this specification and does not introduce additional requirements.*

Reviewer: Maybe for this section, which is the very beginning of the spec and does not include examples, we need to wordsmith this slightly?

```suggestion
*This section is informative. It provides background context for the specification and contains no normative requirements.*
```
